Keep calm and wait for surprise
The goal of treatment is to eliminate the focus of infection. For this purpose the dentist can: Uncover and drain the abscess. The dentist performs an incision in the region of an abscess that allows to leave the pus, wound and brine washes (saline).depulpation tooth. This procedure allows you to eliminate the source of infection and save the tooth. The doctor drills out a channel in the tooth, removes the diseased tissue (pulp) and drain the abscess. He then is sealed and the tooth root canal. Also, the tooth can be reinforced by means of crowns, especially if it is molar. If you carefully look after their teeth, preserved tooth will serve you for life.Remove the affected tooth. If the tooth can not be saved, the doctor can remove it (perform a tooth extraction) and drain the abscess, to eliminate the source of infection.Appoint antibiotics. If the source of infection is limited, the use of antibiotics is not required, but if the infection spreads to the adjacent teeth, jaw and other areas, the doctor is likely to prescribe you antibiotics to suppress further spread of infection. Also, the doctor may prescribe antibiotics if you have a weakened immune system.
The best treatment - hot compresses, which is applied for 10 minutes once a day. High temperature favors the formation of the barley head, incision and drainage of pus from it. When barley is formed in one of the deeper glands of the century (this condition is called internal barley), all symptoms more pronounced. Typically, there are pain, redness and swelling of only a very small section of the edge of the century. Since barley this species rarely revealed itself, it makes the doctor to drain the pus. Internal barley may recur.
If you suspect a plague require hospitalization. At the hospital you will be assigned to powerful antibiotics, such as:Gentamicin,Doxycycline (Vibramitsin),Ciprofloxacin (Cipro),Levofloxacin (Levakvin)
Hepatomegaly revealed by percussion and palpation of the liver through the anterior abdominal wall. The doctor evaluates not only its size but also the shape of the edge, soreness, uniformity, density. An increase in liver appointed by ultrasound or CT of the abdomen, as it is important to determine the cause of hepatomegaly.